Are lizards small?
Are apples red fruit?
Are muscles needed to move our body?
Are scoops of ice cream sweet?
Are bananas and oranges sweet vegetables?
Are dogs and cats animals that live in the jungle?
Are roses tall trees?
Are wild animals dangerous?
Are coffee and hot chocolate cold drinks?
Are shovels something you would use to dig a hole with?
Are computers used to brush your teeth with?
Are fruits and vegetables healthy to eat?
Are musicians and artists creative?
Are pencils and markers used to write on a whiteboard?
Are Spanish and German different languages?
Are cars used to drive on the water?
Are rattlesnakes poisonous?
Are band-aids used for healing?
Are umbrellas used to keep you wet?
Are the letters "d" and "s" in the word "dressing"?
Are flies and robins small insects?
Are clocks and bikes used to tell time?
Are violins and pianos musical instruments?
Are paint and syrup used to take a bath in?
Are aspirin and tylenol pain relievers?
Are airplanes flown inside?
Are pillows and mattresses used to sleep on?
Are shoes worn over the top of socks?
Are football and baseball types of food?
Are chips and pretzels salty?
Are houses more than $50 dollars?
Are lasagna and spaghetti Chinese dishes?
Are peanuts made into jam?
Are ovens used to freeze things?
Are there 80 minutes in an hour?
Can pigs walk on two feet?
Can you touch your elbow with your nose?
Can you fry vegetables in a pan?
Can you brush your teeth with a shoe?
Can you stretch a rock?
Can you grow a mustache on your foot?
Can you sleep in the day time?
Can you ride a bike without a helmet?
Can you drive a car wearing a blindfold?
Can a backpack get a cold?
Can you stir something with a spoon?
Can you wear pajama's to school / work?
Can you jump over a puddle?
Can you eat tomato soup with a fork?
Can you keep a horse inside your house?
Can you see in the dark without a flashlight?
Can you buy eggs by the dozen?
Can you teach a cat to talk?
Can a tiger be your pet?
Can you rake leaves with a hammer?
Can you ride a camel?
Can you use a shovel at the beach?
Can you eat without a mouth?
Can a circle have corners?
Can a fish live out of water?
Can you rip concrete?
Can you wear a tie?
Can you drive a car without wearing a seatbelt?
Can you make bread without using flour?
Can you freeze orange juice?
Do new clothes get dirty?
Do babies need their diapers changed?
Do you get wet when you go swimming?
Does the sun make things hot?
Do you chew soup?
Do horses wear socks?
Do plants wear glasses?
Do cats climb trees?
Do you throw things in the garbage that are broken?
Do you use roller skates on the grass?
Do football players use sticks?
Do teachers help you learn?
Do baby birds get fed by their mother?
Does an orange have more juice than a banana?
Do windows need to be cleaned?
Do butterflies run fast?
Do pilots fly paper planes?
Does it snow during the summer?
Do we need our hands to play a musical instrument?
Do erasers remove pencil marks?
Do fire extinguishers help fireman?
Do children play with toys?
Does yogurt go bad if it isn't refrigerated?
Do we call a school if we have an emergency?
Do computers help us find information?
Do storms damage homes?
Does your birthday always happen on the same day?
Do astronauts work in grocery stores?
Do elephants live in the ocean?
Do cars have engines?
If you were a horse, could you gallup?
If you were a cat, would you have three legs?
If you were a bee, could you sing?
If you were a shark, would you eat fish?
If you break an egg, can you fix it?
If your bike has a flat tire, should you ride it?
If you were a fish, could you jump?
If you want to watch a movie, would you go to a bank?
If you were a builder, would you use a hammer?
If something is tasty, is it bad?
If there is snow on the ground, is it summer?
If you rip your shirt, would you staple it back together?
If you were an owner, would you have a pet?
If someone smiles, are they sad?
If it is June, is it hot in the North Pole?
If you have a bracelet, do you own jewelry?
If you were a computer, would you be alive?
If you were a bird, would you have fins?
If you have boiling water, is it hot?
If you went to a restaurant, would you see clowns?
If something is light, would it sink?
If you have a ball, can you play catch?
If something smells, does it stink?
If you were a caterpillar, would you have legs?
If you were rotten, would you smell nice?
If you have a pen and paper, can you write your name?
If you cut yourself really bad, should you go to the dentist?
If you were an ant, would you live in dirt?
If you were a chair, could you swim?
If you wanted to get warm, would you drink hot chocolate?
Is your arm bigger than your thigh?
Is twenty more than fifty?
Is a father older than his son?
Is half an apple less than one apple?
Is a pair of shoes more than one shoe?
Is a pair of socks less than three pairs?
Is a day longer than a week?
Is a month longer than an hour?
Is a year longer than six months?
Is thirty minutes shorter than one hour?
Is five dollars more than one hundred?
Is a mile longer than a football field?
Is whole less than a half?
Is one million a big number?
Is a car bigger than a person?
Is the moon hotter than the sun?
Is a clown funnier than a doctor?
Is 9:30 p.m. later than 3:30 p.m.?
Is a gallon less than a cup?
Is 50% higher than 48%?
Is New York City small?
Is a state bigger than a city?
Is it a doctor's job to save people?
Is building a house hard work?
Is a cow bigger than an elephant?
Is a hurricane dangerous?
Is a screwdriver a tool?
Is paper used to wash clothes?
Is a car faster than a bicycle?
Is a brick heavier than a feather?